- BUILDING A HOME on the muck - by Jaeger

This help file is designed for those individuals who want a home, but has
tried to understand and comprehend the appropriate help files for building
on the muck. Building a home is time consuming, but this help screen, I
hope, will simplify the those files and commands.  To build a home one has
to have a Builders bit and the coinage of the muck. However, some places
may have already have your character default set with this bit.  To begin,
one has to think of a name for his/her room. Then type:

    @dig Roomname 
    EXAMPLE: @dig My room

And you receive the following:  

    Room #1000R created. (This statement will differ from muck to muck)

And you will recieve the room name with a #dbref (datebase number). This
#dbref is to be used later. Therefore, write it down for future reference.
This is a single room where you can next 'teleport' and 'link' to, making
it your home.

To teleport to the room, type:

    tel 1000

As you enter the room, you should see something like:

    My room(#1000R)

To make it your home, type:

    @link me=here

To describe the room use the @describe command:

    @desc here=description
    EXAMPLE: @desc here=This is my own little room to play in.

When you have decided to build additional rooms to your home, the @dig
command is used again and you receive another #dbref for the room.

    EXAMPLE: @dig Living Room

And you receive the following: 

    Room #1001R created.

Write it down as well because this number will be used later.  These numbers
will be very important. With the creation of these rooms, you can now create
the paths to each. The paths allow one to pass from one room to the other.
This is where the #dbrefs come into play.

To create one path from 'My Room' to the 'Living Room' that is done by using
the #dbrefs, and typing the following @path command:

    @path direction=#dbref of room
    EXAMPLE: @path west=#1001

And you receive the following: 

    Path created from My room(#1000R) to Living Room(#1001R).

Type 'west' to go into the second room you created.  Now make an exit back
to the first room.  This is done the same with the path back from the Living
Room to My Room using the same command with the 'My Room' #dbref:

    EXAMPLE: @path east=#1000

Describe your second room like you did the first room using @describe.

That's all there is to it!  You can type 'home' to get back to your home
room from anywhere in the muck.  If you would like to learn more about
building see the building tutorial with 'info building-tutorial'.  It has a
more detailed version of this tutorial as well as more things you can do
with your rooms.
