This is the welcome directory, it holds screenshots of welcome messages for
the muck.

Put one welcome screen in a file, then use symbolic links to link them as
welcome1.txt, welcome2.txt, etc, in the game/data directory.  These are used
for the random welcome screen shower as set by a @tune option.

You can set items in the #0=@/welcome/ directory to allow custom welcome
screens for certain sites, along with a banned screen for those whose sites
are under suspicion and locked out for one reason or another.

legacy.txt and fbi.txt are sample files to see how to create your own login
screens.  You need an editor such as 'joe' for Linux which supports adding
Ctrl-Ms in the text file.  (You should see some bold Ms at the end of each
line.)  This is needed because some telnets will not do proper linefeeding
if the Ctrl-Ms are not there.  (Dos CR-LF vs Unix only doing LF.)

You will want to change the symbolic link game/data/welcome.txt to point to
your own welcome screen:

	cd $HOME/neon/game/data
	rm -f welcome.txt
	ln -s welcome/yourscreen.txt welcome.txt

The way to add custom welcome screens on a per site basis, you can specify
domains using the same pattern matching used for the @/sites/ site locking
system.  The format is slightly different to allow for proper sorting of the
properties in the @/welcome directory so site-specific settings take
precedence over larger domain entries.  You specify a property that starts
with a level, then an ip number mask.  The property should start with a one
word screen name followed by any comment explaining why you did it.  Because
of sorting, 0 priority items take precedence over priority 1 items, etc.  If
you wish to use 2 or more digits for priorities, pad smaller digits with 0s
as the comparision used is a string based comparision, not numerical.  For
best results set the priority to the number of 0 '*' matches in the ip
number.

@set #0=@/welcome/0 123.213.45.54:# for Bob
 -- A '#' screen means use random screen selection.  This is useful if you
    have a whole domain banned but wish to allow normal welcome screen
    selection (which is the random screens method if turned on) for a small
    subdomain of accepted people.

@set #0=@/welcome/0 123.213.45.54:. for Angel
 -- A '.' screen means use the default 'welcome.txt' screen at all times. 
    This is useful if you have sites that you wish to not use the random
    screen selection for whatever reason but just show one standard login
    screen.

@set #0=@/welcome/4 0.0.0.0:fnord for UberMuck
 -- This would set the base login screen to be 'fnord' for ALL internet
    addresses (a 0 means a * pattern match.) Subdomains could then be set to
    use random screen selection with '#' if desired or the standard
    welcome.txt file with a '.'.

@set #0=@/welcome/3 123.0.0.0:goober for AndyGriffinMuck
 -- This would set the standard screen to be 'welcome/goober.txt' for all
    machines in the 123 subclass.  Because domains are usually specified
    using either the first 2 or 3 numbers, this wouldn't normally be used.

@set #0=@/welcome/2 129.89.0.0:uwm for UW-Milwaukee!
 -- This would set the standard screen seen by anyone logging in from
    UW-Milwaukee the 65535 machine domain to 'welcome/uwm.txt'.  Schools
    often have a full 65K ip numbers while smaller companies may have a
    block of 256*N addresses, shared by Sprint or MCI netblocks.

@set #0=@/welcome/3 199.89.235.0:banned for security reasons
 -- This would set a 256 machine domain to 'welcome/banned.txt'.  The more
    efficient way of doing this would to '@set #0=@/sites/199.89.235.0 L:eep!'
    which would lock out this domain from logging into any characters.

    There are many options available for locking out and blocking sites from
    total site lockouts to individual player lockouts, vacation suspensions,
    preventing a site from logging into characters, just guests, or
    requesting characters.  A @/login directory is available on players to
    allow themselves to only log in from certain sites for added security, but
    this feature still needs proper muf or other support for setting/removing
    sites.

@set #0=@/welcome/4 199.89.235.10:# for Mystikite's home
 -- As mentioned above, this will override the banned text just set for the
    larger 3 number 199.89.235.* domain for this particular machine and
    allow standard random login screens to be shown.  This would also
    override the first 'fnord' setting, so it takes some thought to get each
    site showing what you want it to.
